Add `Catch the Beat Indonesia Cup 2019` wiki article (#6039)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CIC/2019/en.md

| **E** | ![][flag_ID] **[DennySega24](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5416487) (12 pts)** | ![][flag_ID] [Ilhamuharam](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7657968) (-2 pts) | ![][flag_ID] **[Sololiquy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4350087) (8 pts)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54869764) |
| **F** | ![][flag_ID] **[Deceitful](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1396447) (18 pts)** | ![][flag_ID] **[-Izayoi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5710721) (5 pts)** | ![][flag_ID] [Yuki Tanaka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1898048) (-5 pts) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54867684) |

Monday, 16 September 2019:

| Group |  |  | Match link |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **G** | ![][flag_ID] **[Raediaufar](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5156086) (11 pts)** | ![][flag_ID] **[fikricm](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4072503) (7 pts)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54866381) |

## Ruleset

### General rules

1. Map scoring is based on **[ScoreV2](/wiki/Score#scorev2).**
2. The mapsets for each round will be announced by the Tournament Management in advance before the actual matches take place.

> 3. Match schedules will be predetermined by the Tournament Management. If there are any player(s) who are unable to attend the current schedule for any reason, all other affected players may apply and settle for a reschedule at the `#reschedule-request` channel in the tournament's Discord server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Match schedules will be predetermined by the Tournament Management. If there are any players who are unable to attend the current schedule for any reason, all other affected players may apply and settle for a reschedule at the `#reschedule-request` channel in the tournament's Discord server.
```

4. A referee will create a multiplayer room 10 minutes in advance and will start to send out invites.
5. If a player does not show up within **10 minutes** of the start time, their opponent wins by default.
6. If no staff or referee is available, the match will be postponed.
7. If a player disconnects, it will be treated as if they had failed the beatmap.
   - Disconnects that occur within a few seconds after the beatmap is started by the referee can be rematched.
8. If a player disconnects between beatmaps, the match can be delayed up to 15 minutes at most.
   - In case the disconnected player failed to report back after the maximum allowance of 15 minutes had passed, the opposing player may be declared to be winning the match by default.
9. Lag is not a valid reason to nullify a beatmap.

> 10. If there are any problems during the match occurence, the Tournament Management will make a decision based on referee's report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. If any problems during the match occur, the Tournament Management will make a decision based on referee's report.
```

11. It is expected that all players be polite and respectful to each other. Penalties will be given if players violate.

>     - If a player is found to be engaging in an act that is deemed to be distasteful or provocative, the corresponding player may either be disqualified right away from the tournament and/or blacklisted from the tournament altogether by the Tournament Management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If a player is found to be engaging in an act that is deemed to be distasteful or provocative, the corresponding player may be disqualified right away from the tournament and/or blacklisted from the tournament altogether by the Tournament Management.
```

    - Usage of any tools and programs that are against [osu!'s community rules](/wiki/Rules#community-rules) is strictly prohibited and will be straight up reported to the osu!team at will.

### Tournament registration

1. All interested players are required to register into the tournament individually.

>    - In order to be eligible to play in the tournament, each player is required to have either the Indonesian flag displayed on their profile or an adequate proof of Indonesian citizenship (to be shown to the Tournament Management) and a playcount of 1,500 or more in the osu!catch game mode to their account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - In order to be eligible to play in the tournament, each player is required to have either the Indonesian flag displayed on their profile, or an adequate proof of Indonesian citizenship (to be shown to the Tournament Management), and a playcount of 1,500 or more in osu!catch.
```

5. Testplayers, referees, and map selectors may not participate as players in this tournament.

### Group stage rules

1. In the Group stage, all qualified players will be situated into different seeds based on their osu!catch pp. The players from each seed will then be drawn into eight groups at random based on the result of a livestreamed [random.org](http://www.random.org/lists/ "random.org") draw.
2. All players in each group will compete against each other in a single multiplayer lobby using the Battle Royale system. In this system, all players will each in turn pick out two maps from the mappool to be played with the following turnouts after each map:
   - 1st place: **+2 point(s)**
   - 2nd place: **+1 point(s)**
   - 3rd place: **-1 point(s)**
   - 4th place: **-2 point(s)**
3. Players are **not allowed** to ban maps in the Group stage.
4. There is no Lower Bracket in the Group stage.
5. Rankings of each group are determined by sorting the results of each individual player's performance in the following priority:
   - Most points obtained.
   - Winner of the Tiebreaker.

>    - Player(s) who Win By Default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Players who Win By Default.
```

6. Two players who placed on top of their respective groups' rankings based on the criteria listed above will advance to the Knock-out stage.

### Knock-out stage rules 

1. The eight Group stage winners will be matched to the eight Group stage runners-up at random; that is, instead of following a predetermined match-up format (A1 vs H2, B1 vs G2, and so on), all the match-ups will be based on the result of a livestreamed [random.org](http://www.random.org/lists/ "random.org") draw.
2. Players will compete against each other using the Double Elimination system.
3. The Double Elimination System works as following:
   - Players who lose in the Upper Bracket can still play again on the Lower Bracket.
   - Players who lose in the Lower Bracket will be eliminated from the tournament.
   - In the Grand Finals, the winner of the the Upper Bracket only needs to win a single match against their opponent in order to clinch the championship title. The winner of the Lower Bracket, however, needs to win two matches and enforce a Bracket Reset against their opponent in order to clinch the championship title.
4. Players who can compete in the next round are determined by:

>    - In the Round of 16 and the Quarterfinals, each player needs to win 5 points in order to win a match. (Best-of-9)
>    - In the Semifinals and the Finals (except for the Lower Bracket Final and the Grand Final), each player needs to win 6 points in order to win a match. (Best-of-11)
>    - In the Lower Bracket Final and the Grand Final, each player needs to win 7 points in order to win the match. (Best-of-13)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the Round of 16 and the Quarterfinals, each player needs to win 5 points in order to win a match. (Best of 9)
   - In the Semifinals and the Finals (except for the Lower Bracket Final and the Grand Final), each player needs to win 6 points in order to win a match. (Best of 11)
   - In the Lower Bracket Final and the Grand Final, each player needs to win 7 points in order to win the match. (Best of 13)
```

Author: hmm as far as i know the wording of this rule on most of the official tournaments (incl. the World Cups) are being written this way so i think i'll keep these lines as is if you don't mind :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/131824704-be6dd2a1-4852-48e8-9d88-cc3412314055.png)

Reviewer: thanks for checking

>    - Player(s) who Win By Default.
>    - Whether there are player(s) who are disqualified from the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Players who Win By Default.
   - Whether there are players who are disqualified from the tournament.
```

### Match regulations

> 1. Each player must use the `!roll` command once in `#multiplayer` in order to determine the banning and picking order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each player must use the `!roll` command once in `#multiplayer` in order to determine the ban and pick order.
```
